chore(next.clayui.com): add guide to install components and quick start (#2543)
liferay/clay: next.clayui.com/content/docs/get-started/how-to-use-clay.md

---
title: "How to use clay"
description: "Practical guidelines to start using Clay, a quick guide on how to install components and css to get started."
order: 2
---

<div class="nav-toc-absolute">
<div class="nav-toc">

- [Install with NPM or Yarn](#install-with-npm-or-yarn)
    - [NPM](#npm)
	- [Yarn](#yarn)
- [Install via Clay CSS CDN](#install-via-clay-css-cdn)
- [Quick start](#quick-start)

</div>
</div>

Clay follows some fundamentals and we recommend that you read more about this before you start using it in your application.

<div class="nav-toc">

- [Composing](/foundations/composing.html)

</div>

### Install with NPM or Yarn

> Clay makes the components and CSS available in its own `@clayui` scope package, in some packages we have component aggregation, something like the `@clayui/form` package that aggregates components `Checkbox`, `Radio`, `Input`, `Select`...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clay makes the components and CSS available in its own `@clayui` scope, for example the card package is available through `@clayui/card` and the css is available through `@clayui/css`. In some packages we expose multiple components, for example the `@clayui/form` package contains components `Checkbox`, `Radio`, `Input`, `Select`...
```
